c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.exe
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.deps.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.pdb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\NVorbis.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libopenal.so.1
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libopenal.1.dylib
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\soft_oal.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libSDL2-2.0.so.0
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\osx\native\libSDL2.dylib
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\SDL2.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalPro.8C09D514.Up2Date
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\FinalProject.dll
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.pdb
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\FinalProject.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\FinalProject.dll
C:\Users\modda\OneDrive\Documents\KMITL\ปี 3\Computer Game Programming\FinalProject\bin\Debug\net8.0\Content\gamefont.xnb
